>> Brian Holt: Error boundaries is one
of two things that hooks cannot do.
You cannot do error boundaries
without using classes.
So this is actually a pretty critical one,
so let's go ahead and take a look at this.
So some of these API responses
could potentially have
errors inside of them, right?
We don't control this API,
it's coming from a third party, right, so
we wanna be extra careful with handling
errors and handling malformatted data.
And so error boundaries are going to
allow you to capture some of these errors
without crashing your program, right?
So I want you to make a new file
here called errorboundary.js.
>> Brian Holt: And
I'm just gonna tell you right now,
this is mostly code from the docs.
>> Brian Holt: I'll just keep the
reactjs.org/docs/error-boundaries.html.
Okay, we're gonna import React from React.
>> Brian Holt: And we're gonna
import a link from @reach/router.
>> Brian Holt: So here I'm going to say,
class ErrorBoundary,
one of those words that looks
weird the more you look at it.
Extends.
So we've been doing React.component, but
I'm gonna show just a different
way that you could do this.
You can also put ,Component here like
this and just say extends Component.
Works the same way right,
we're just pulling out component,
there's no necessarily
benefit to doing it this way.
You'll just see a lot of
people do it this way.
Just wanted to show you that.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
we're gonna say state = hasError, false.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, the next thing
we're going to write is static
getDerivedStateFromError.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're just gonna return hasError: true.
>> Brian Holt: hasError: true.
You could be more sophisticated about
how you do this, but we're not going to.
And then we're going to say
componentDidCatch that top one there.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're going to get back the error and
the info about the error from that.
These are all React methods.
And here all we're going
to do is going to say
console.error, ErrorBoundary
caught an error.
>> Brian Holt: And then we're just
gonna log out error and info.
But if you had something here like
Azure Monitor or Track JS or Century or
something like that,
you probably just send that off to
the tiered consolidated logging service.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then here we're gonna say return, sorry,
render rather, render.
>> Brian Holt: And we're gonna say,
If this.state.hasError, return.
>> Brian Holt: An h1, and again, you'd
probably have better UI around this, but
we're just gonna return a h1 that says,
there was an error with this listing.
>> Brian Holt: Link to equals.
I'm just going to have them link to home.
Click here to go back to the home page or
wait five seconds.
>> Brian Holt: So just to give the user
a bit of information, like hey there's
an error here, just so you know, we're
gonna redirect you back to the homepage.
>> Brian Holt: Otherwise, all you're
going to do is just pass through all of
the components that are coming through,
right?
So it's just like an error boundary that
sits above a component and if there's
an error, it does something about it,
otherwise it's a pass-through right?
So you just going to say
return this.props.children.
>> Brian Holt: So this.props.children
is going to be whether it was contained
inside of the component.
So for example, we have the link
component right here, right?
The children, "this.props.children"
of link would be click here, right?
It's whatever you put inside of it.
Does that make sense?
So if I had like a bunch
of components inside of it,
this.props.children will be all
of those components inside of it.
Okay, and then last thing,
export default ErrorBoundary.
>> Brian Holt: It's kind of
an advanced React use case right?
This is not always going to be useful for
you.
I don't think the entire time
I was working at Netflix,
we ever used error boundaries.
>> Brian Holt: This is prettier,
that's breaking it up this way.
So if that looks weird,
that's where its coming from.
This is how you can like
break it into multiple lines.
>> Speaker 2: So this will catch an error
that occurs in any of its children?
>> Brian Holt: Exactly.
>> Speaker 2: Why do we need
to return this.props.children?
>> Brian Holt: You always have to return
something inside of a render method.
So if I have this,
there's a potential right that this
wouldn't return anything, right?
Which means it would be
basically eating the children.
That's a really weird way of saying that,
right?
But it would not be
rendering out the children.
So it has to pass through right, it has to
take something and then pass it through to
the other side, otherwise it would
just be blocking it right there.